hey gang Spada coming at you with the
video review this time we're taking a
look at mr o2l Giroux robo he is the
second robot group that the blue sirens
team gets ahold of in the machine robo
show he actually does come with he
actually has two robot masters as
opposed to one that's because they're
twins don't ask me why uh he is a
helicopter or he is a twin-engine VTOL
helicopter and as little support
thingies are helicopters as well and
they look really really dumb I'm sorry I
do not care for these little robot
helicopters in fact this whole set is my
lease is probably the worst of all of
them of all the machine robo figures
these little guys can attach little
bombs onto the bottom and then the hydro
or foam bombs that come with jet Robo
can attach under here okay fine whatever
I really don't care the reason I don't
like these guys is one they just look
ugly I don't know of any helicopter that
looks like this yes I realize
helicopters do come in all shapes and
sizes and they look vaguely like this
but I just know oh and their
transformation is that and look how
boring that is I mean you just have this
visor and the square that's supposed to
be the face okay yes shockwave is just
about as pretty to look at as this guy
but just I'm sorry I don't like them
okay so the core of gyro Robo little
helicopter thing first off the thing
that drives me nuts nuts about this
physically this thing couldn't fly it's
not possible
it just it couldn't fly period there is
so much
we in the back compared to where the
fans are that it there would be it go
like this and be like would constantly
be fighting this heavy rear-end they
should the blades should be someone more
towards the center ok fine
just that and the figures not that great
I mean it's really floppy and his
transformation is just hit do that that
gets you his head fold out the legs like
that rotate this up and you get the
worst little arms on a robot I have ever
seen okay
is that bad looking in fact he I do
understand he does look a little cool
like this but in the show he's a lot
thinner and this just doesn't work for
me I'm sorry it just doesn't and his
arms I mean he can't even can't even
reach his own he can't even reach his
own nosecone I come on hit any oh yeah
just like all the others he's got that
and these things are quite I'm
constantly worried about these things
breaking constantly yeah anyway let's go
ahead and get emerged up to start the
merge sequence we're going to just
rotate the legs back to that and then
just kind of you can either leave the
leg the arms like that or just rotate
them back out of the way sort of for
these guys for the feet well for the
brawl of them actually we're going to
well for two of them anyway we're gonna
pop off the blades so we'll take two of
them take the blades off for two of them
we'll just turn them like that point the
feet point the arms forward
and point the arms forward okay be
attached extend that like you would
rotate that forward and then turn it
thusly actually just get the arms out of
the way and attach I take one of those
blades and put it here same thing to
this guy okay so first off no real hand
syndrome I mean there isn't even hands
molded anywhere so no real hand syndrome
point one off to UM
you notice how floppy he is I don't know
if you can see it but every time I move
him he just parts of him move in ways
that it shouldn't that the other figures
don't uh that's two three
he's abnormally top-heavy I mean if you
put both of his arms out I mean he's
just kind of leaning forward uh four
he's ugly ugly ugly ugly it just looks
like a helicopters had a bad accident
just ugly
I don't like it it's he's supposed to be
like a ninja or something and he's just
he's just fugly to the extreme ah
don't buy him he sucks